lib/utils/README.md, before:

# Utils Directory

This directory contains utility functions and constants used throughout the Eventati Book application.

## Organization

The utils are organized into the following subfolders for better maintainability:

- **core/**: Core utilities used across the application
  - constants.dart: Application-wide constants
  - extensions.dart: Extension methods for built-in types

- **formatting/**: Utilities for formatting data
  - date_utils.dart: Date formatting and manipulation
  - number_utils.dart: Number formatting
  - string_utils.dart: String manipulation and formatting

- **service/**: Service-related utilities
  - analytics_utils.dart: Analytics tracking utilities
  - file_utils.dart: File handling utilities
  - service_utils.dart: Service-specific utilities
  - validation_utils.dart: Form validation utilities

- **ui/**: UI-related utilities
  - accessibility_utils.dart: Accessibility helpers
  - empty_state_utils.dart: Empty state handling
  - error_handling_utils.dart: Error handling utilities
  - form_utils.dart: Form-related utilities
  - navigation_utils.dart: Navigation helpers
  - responsive_constants.dart: Constants for responsive design
  - responsive_utils.dart: Responsive design utilities
  - ui_utils.dart: General UI utilities

## Root Utils (Legacy)

Some utility files still exist in the root utils directory for backward compatibility:
- accessibility_utils.dart
- analytics_utils.dart
- constants.dart
- date_utils.dart
- empty_state_utils.dart
- error_handling_utils.dart
- extensions.dart
- file_utils.dart
- form_utils.dart
- navigation_utils.dart
- number_utils.dart
- responsive_constants.dart
- responsive_utils.dart
- service_options_factory.dart
- service_utils.dart
- string_utils.dart
- ui_utils.dart
- validation_utils.dart

## Special Utilities

- **service_options_factory.dart**: Factory for creating service options
- **utils.dart**: Main barrel file that exports all utilities

## Usage

Import the main barrel file to access all utilities:

```dart
import 'package:eventati_book/utils/utils.dart';

// Now you can use any utility
final formattedDate = DateUtils.formatDate(DateTime.now());
final isValidEmail = ValidationUtils.isValidEmail('user@example.com');
```

For more specific imports, use the subfolder barrel files:

```dart
import 'package:eventati_book/utils/formatting/index.dart';

// Now you can use any formatting utility
final formattedDate = DateUtils.formatDate(DateTime.now());
final formattedPrice = NumberUtils.formatCurrency(100);
```

## Utility Guidelines

1. **Pure Functions**: Utilities should be pure functions without side effects
2. **Stateless**: Utilities should not maintain state
3. **Reusability**: Create utilities that can be reused across the application
4. **Documentation**: Document utility functions with clear descriptions
5. **Testing**: Write unit tests for utility functions
6. **Naming**: Use descriptive names that indicate the utility's purpose
7. **Organization**: Place utilities in the appropriate subfolder based on functionality

## Migration Progress

We are gradually migrating utility functions from the root directory to their respective subfolders. When adding new utility functions, please add them directly to the appropriate subfolder rather than the root directory.

Commit message:

Code cleanup: Remove duplicate utility files and update imports
- Removed duplicate utility files from the root utils directory
- Updated imports to use the utils.dart barrel file
- Fixed references to utility classes in the affected files
- Removed empty directories (integration_test, test_driver, lib/providers/barrel_provider, lib/screens/bookings, lib/screens/payments, test/widget/screens)

lib/utils/README.md, after:

# Utils Directory

This directory contains utility functions and constants used throughout the Eventati Book application.

## Organization

The utils are organized into the following subfolders for better maintainability:

- **core/**: Core utilities used across the application
  - constants.dart: Application-wide constants
  - extensions.dart: Extension methods for built-in types

- **formatting/**: Utilities for formatting data
  - date_utils.dart: Date formatting and manipulation
  - number_utils.dart: Number formatting
  - string_utils.dart: String manipulation and formatting

- **service/**: Service-related utilities
  - analytics_utils.dart: Analytics tracking utilities
  - file_utils.dart: File handling utilities
  - service_utils.dart: Service-specific utilities
  - validation_utils.dart: Form validation utilities

- **ui/**: UI-related utilities
  - accessibility_utils.dart: Accessibility helpers
  - empty_state_utils.dart: Empty state handling
  - error_handling_utils.dart: Error handling utilities
  - form_utils.dart: Form-related utilities
  - navigation_utils.dart: Navigation helpers
  - responsive_constants.dart: Constants for responsive design
  - responsive_utils.dart: Responsive design utilities
  - ui_utils.dart: General UI utilities

## Special Utilities in Root Directory

Only the following utility files exist in the root utils directory:
- service_options_factory.dart: Factory for creating service options (will be moved to an appropriate subfolder in the future)
- utils.dart: Main barrel file that exports all utilities

## Usage

Import the main barrel file to access all utilities:

```dart
import 'package:eventati_book/utils/utils.dart';

// Now you can use any utility
final formattedDate = DateUtils.formatDate(DateTime.now());
final isValidEmail = ValidationUtils.isValidEmail('user@example.com');
```

For more specific imports, use the subfolder barrel files:

```dart
import 'package:eventati_book/utils/formatting/index.dart';

// Now you can use any formatting utility
final formattedDate = DateUtils.formatDate(DateTime.now());
final formattedPrice = NumberUtils.formatCurrency(100);
```

## Utility Guidelines

1. **Pure Functions**: Utilities should be pure functions without side effects
2. **Stateless**: Utilities should not maintain state
3. **Reusability**: Create utilities that can be reused across the application
4. **Documentation**: Document utility functions with clear descriptions
5. **Testing**: Write unit tests for utility functions
6. **Naming**: Use descriptive names that indicate the utility's purpose
7. **Organization**: Place utilities in the appropriate subfolder based on functionality

## Migration Progress

All utility functions have been migrated from the root directory to their respective subfolders, except for service_options_factory.dart which will be moved in the future. When adding new utility functions, please add them directly to the appropriate subfolder rather than the root directory.
